With nature's secret weapon.... Pheromones

Invisible, odorless, and undetectable, when unknowingly inhaled by any
adult woman, Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate unblocks all restraints
and releases her raw animal sex drive!

Scientists have isolated the natural Human male Pheromone attractants
and they are NOW available to YOU, legally, in the U.S.!

The power of Androstenone has been featured on Hardcopy, 20/20,
Dateline, and in articles in Penthouse, Playboy, Chic, Swank, Vogue,
Omni, Discovery and numerous medical journals, television shows and
newspapers from the N.Y. Times to the L.A. Times.

For the last five years, we have been researching and marketing
pheromone products.  We have sold thousands of bottles.  We receive
letters of praise daily, from men across the country!

Every time you wear Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate, it will send
out a natural chemical signal of sex appeal to women that will compel
them towards you, make you irresistible to them and they will not know
why.

Attract Women:
Pheromones will miraculously increase your sexual attractiveness with
women. This will allow you to meet more women then you ever imagined!

Even after a small application of Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate,
you will notice women suddenly making eye contact, flirting, and even
walking up to you and introducing themselves!

Arrouse Your Spouse or Existing Sexual Partner:
Start a new passion between you and your mate and re-energize your
existing relationship!  Androstenone will rejuvenate her passion for
you!  Pheromone stimulation restores the attraction she felt when you
first met!

Androstenone is the only known true Male Human Pheromone tested
showing positive VNO response in women, and proven time and time again
to attract women.

For a limited time, we are offering one bottle of Androstenone
Pheromone Concentrate
for only $19.95!   ... that's right, only $19.95!

Money back guarantee: If you don't immediately notice a drastic
increase in the amount of women approaching you, send the remainder of
your Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate back for a full refund!

1 bottle of Impulse...$19.95
or
Buy 2 Bottles and receive a 3rd BOTTLE FREE!

Orders shipped the day they are received.
All items are shipped in discreet unmarked packaging.
Your credit card will be discreetly billed. Great low price.
Our customers love our products, and you can too! We guarantee
satisfaction.

To find out more, please click here to visit our website:

http://208.166.10.10/sub2